As of March 3

Land border status, requirements for passage, wait times. UAE/Oman, Israel/Egypt, Israel/Jordan, Iran/Armenia:  

UAE-Oman 

Open. Anecdotal accounts of around 1-2 hours of wait time at Hatta crossing; non-Omani taxis not allowed to pass. Subject to temporary closures due to overloading. Available information indicates that Omani passports and Omani residents can still access the country even in moments of temporary closure. 

UAE-Saudi Arabia 

Border currently open, no indication of delays 

Israel-Egypt 

Taba remains open 24/7 as of March 2; no indication of delays. 

Israel-Jordan 

Yitzhak Rabin BXP remains open 0800-2000, and for vehicles until 1900. 

All other border crossings reportedly closed based on official orders. 

Iran-Turkiye 

Esendere-Serow, Kapikoy-Razi, and Gurbulak-Bazargan crossings: Temporarily restricting passenger traffic between all three border posts. Turkiye is only accepting Turkish citizens and citizens of other countries while Iran is only letting in Iranian citizens.

Cargo is allowed to move between all three posts.

Staffing increased to facilitate flow of traffic and trade.

Iran-Armenia 

Agarak/Norduz BXP open 24/7. No reports of delays.

------------------

AIRSPACE

Bahrain closed
Cyprus open
Egypt open
Iran closed
Iraq closed
Israel closed
Jordan partial; closed 18:00-09:00 nightly until further notice.
KSA open; absorbing reroutes from northern corridors.
Kuwait closed
Lebanon open
Oman open; flight availability impacted by regional airspace closures and specific airline cancellations.
Qatar closed
Syria closed; until at least 23:59 March 2.
Turkiye open; limited flights to the Gulf.
UAE partial; restricted by Emergency Security Control of Air Traffic (ESCAT) zones, effectively limiting commercial air traffic.


------------------

Confirmed impacts of direct or indirect targeting in Israel, Iran, Oman or any Gulf country. 

KSA: The US Embassy in Riyadh was struck by two Iranian drones early March 3 (local time), causing a limited fire and minor damage. No initial reports of injuries. 

Iran: US/Israeli airstrikes intensified on Tehran (e.g., "stand-in" munitions, direct overflights, targeting missile bases like Najafabad, Yazd, Khorgu; nuclear/missile infrastructure degraded).  

Oman:  

UAE: Drones intercepted over Abu Dhabi as of early March 3; falling debris causes minor damage to a warehouse in the Industrial City of Abu Dhabi (ICAD), and a commercial facility in the Mussafah (or Musaffah/Musafa) industrial zone.

Bahrain: One person killed and two injured after a fire broke out on a foreign vessel undergoing maintenance in Salman Industrial City March 2. The fire was reportedly caused by falling debris from an intercepted missile. US-flagged tanker Stena Imperative reportedly struck while in the Port of Bahrain, resulting in a fire. 

Qatar: Qatari jets reportedly intercepted drones and other projectiles targeting the airport in Doha. Two drones intercepted targeting the Mesaieed power plant and an energy facility in Ras Laffan, no casualties reported. 

KSA: Iranian drones targeted Aramco's Ras Tanura refinery early March 2. Saudi defences intercepted them; debris caused a small fire; there were no injuries. The refinery was temporarily shut down as a precaution. Defense intercepted five drones near Prince Sultan Air Base. 

Israel: At least one firing from Lebanon targeting northern Israel early March 2; intercepted. Israel responded with precision airstrikes in southern Lebanon, and announces offensive operations against Hezbollah. A missile strike in Beersheba injured at least 15 people.  

Cyprus: Paphos Airport put on red alert after a suspected drone was spotted above the airspace March 2, resulting in authorities evacuating the terminal. Late March 1 a Shahed drone targeted the British air base at Akrotiri, causing “minor material damage.” US Embassy in Cyprus is warning citizens to not go to the embassy unless it is an emergency due to the possible drone threat to Paphos region. UK is now reportedly allowing the US to use Akrotiri Air Base for specific and limited defensive purposes. 

Paphos alert lifted, waiting to see if flights resume 
